[music]
>> Good morning from the Asia Pacific. It's
9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong [music] Kong. You're
watching the China Show. I'm David
Ingles.
And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
the greater China region. Our top
stories, Asian stocks [music] under
pressure with a report that Open AI is
falling short of its own user and sales
[music] targets, fueling fresh tech
worries. The company hitting back saying
it's firing on all cylinders.
A rift in the Gulf as the UAE [music]
quits OPEC, dealing a blow to the oil
cartel in the middle of the worst supply
disruption in years. [music]
Also, BYD profit tumbles and short-term
borrowing jumps to a record with a
year's-long price war in [music] China's
EV sector taking its toll.
And we speak [music] with the CEO of
RemeGen, the Chinese healthcare sector's
best-performing stock [music] as it
reports a second straight quarter in the
black.
Right, welcome back. And I say welcome
[music] back because if you are familiar
with the show as is customary, really as
we start [music] the show off over the
last few days, some breaking news
literally as we begin the show out of
the journal today on Iran. Trump has
told his aides to prepare for an
extended blockade
of Iran. Just based on that headline, I
would imagine that is specifically aimed
at the Strait of Hormuz. We'll get you
more details, of course, once we have
more information as far as that specific
story is is concerned. But yes, we are
tracking that very closely given, of
course, where we are this just modest
but very consistent, April, glide higher
in in oil prices. And lastly, you know,
we closed above 110. We are still
trading above 110. We have
We've yet to actually see a down day on
Brent prices over the last week and a
half or so, and as you can see there,
we're up 16%. Uh if you trace it all the
way back to the uh 21st uh of the month.
Now, all that is to say all is well,
well, that continues to brew.
Uh the equity market seems to be moving
along quite well, and if if there was a
disturbance in the force of equity
markets, it was really in the form of
tech and at open air story. We are
moving into the thick of big big big
earnings, of course, as far as the Mag 7
uh is concerned, April.
Yeah, disturbance in the force as we
move into the month of May, as well.
It's been a good month of April. We also
have that energy shock read-through when
it comes to China earnings, so that's
worth highlighting as well. When it
comes to the likes of Sinopec, for
example, we saw how first quarter
profits rose, so you really get the
sense of how some of these companies are
benefiting from what's happening in
Iran. But against that backdrop, we also
got the likes of BYD, right? Fourth
quarter's of profit declining. Maybe
there's a turning point, and yet there
has also been a bit of a read-through
from the 2 billion yuan in foreign
exchange losses. When it comes to the
likes of Longi, the solar giant, we're
actually seeing that surge in exports
after the war broke out. So, another way
that this has all been playing out in
China earnings. We did see their first
quarter losses widening, though. It's
really still about overcapacity. So, you
about 60% of the way through in the MSCI
China, and, you know, that's playing out
as well in terms of how the Iran war is
affecting some of these companies, Dave.
Uh it really is. In fact, top of the
next hour, Winnie Wu out of uh BofA will
be joining us. I'm just looking at her
report right now, and it's very very
clear. Uh the question at the very top
of that report, why has China
underperformed? And it really comes down
to a basic concept. It's earnings,
right? And the brighter earning story
simply in other markets
when you look at revisions from the
start of this year. So, that's something
of course we'll be unpacking with with
Winnie Wu. Of course, BYD HSBC joins us
as well in the next hour as well bottom
of the next hour to talk us through
these BYD earnings. And I think April
you you touched on this, you know, that
2 billion FX hits when you look at
what's happening on the cash flow
situation, that massive bumping up of
short-term borrowing. But yes, all this
is indicative really of this fierce
competition taking place in the market.
Now, how should investors be thinking
about that at this earnings report? I
just also mention that So, we talked
about oil in the next 25 minutes or so
we have Aussie inflation coming through.
So, just pay attention to that. The last
reading was in the low threes.
Expectations are for the high fours. And
4.8% I believe is the median estimate.
That takes you all the way back about 2
and 1/2 years and as far as that is
concerned. So, yes, lots of things to
track including by the way the tech
story. And I think Taiwan is coming
online right now. Can we show that
please if we can? And the reason I
that's important is two things. One is
we are expecting to see there the
declines we're seeing in the tech space
overnight and just because of the gains
we've seen in recent in recent weeks,
Taiwan is actually now surpassed Canada
in terms of the size of the equity. Can
we show that please if we can? Thank you
so much. Do we have that?
There we go. Thank you so much. 9/10 of
1% to the downside. Xie xie. Okay. All
right, let's get more context as far as
these markets go. David Savage is with
us here, our M Live strategist. Very
nice to see you.
Where do we start? Tech, Open AI, or
Muse?
Let's let's start tech maybe.
>> Go ahead. It was it was interesting
because I think, you know, as you said,
given the the lead-in we had overnight
from from US tech stocks and and the
headlines on Open AI, I think we're
expecting a a pretty sig- significant
move in in uh South Korea open just
given the concentration in tech there
and and frankly that the open's been
fairly resilient thus far.
Um and and I think that that points but
but it doesn't take away from the fact
that the more concentrated this rally
becomes in a single theme, the more
vulnerable it is to a much narrower set
of risk factors.
Uh and and I think this open AI
demonstrated that in the US and and
we'll see how how Asia trades today.
Japanese markets closed but but
certainly we'll be looking at the very
tech-heavy benchmarks, Taiwan and and
South Korea. I mean if SoftBank was
trading to your point, that would be
really be a big decline. I think futures
are in- even down
on the Nikkei today despite the cash
markets being shut. I mean it's more of
an earnings story because we're moving
into big tech earnings in the US. Could
earnings be the saving grace here?
I I think expectations are very high and
and and I I think
just focusing specifically here in in
Asia,
you know, I think the guidance is going
to be very very important and and I
think investors are going to be parsing
very closely over what is said and in in
those earnings calls
because again, you know,
index concentration in and of itself
does not imply that that these stocks,
you know, the SK Hynix, Samsung of the
world are overvalued, but it does mean
that that the index itself is is really
exposed to it to a very narrow set of
factors. In fact, if you look at those
stocks on a forward multiple, they're
they're trading only four six times
forward earnings.
>> It's ridiculous. Um yeah, but but again,
those earnings have to come through and
and that's going to be based on on the
guidance. So that'll definitely be in
focus.
David,
so that's the worries around AI and
known stocks, but what about other asset
classes? I mean we still have the Fed
this week. Do you think things are
appropriately priced, so to speak?
Yeah, I I I think that's that's exactly
it. I mean, if you look outside of tech,
I the conflict and where energy prices
have been trending is is certainly being
more reflected there.
And if you look at bond yields in the
region and and in the US, they're still
very much tethered to the outcome of the
conflict because they're they're
tethered to the outcome of where
commodity prices and and energy prices
trend.
So, we'll we'll continue to have
headline risk there and that'll continue
to feed through in bond yields and
continue to feed through in in in
sectors that aren't exposed to this AI
theme. So, I think when we look at
consumer names, that's one one name
where one part of the market that I
think is is continuing to be vulnerable
if we start to see this stagflationary
impulse really
show up in in in the data
and then really start to drive where
where policy makers have to go in terms
of rates.
David, fantastic. Thank you, David
Savage there out of our M Live team, our
M Live strategist
on the equity markets and the complex
complexity
going into the session today.
Right, the other big story, of course,
is we mentioned that headline coming
through out of the journal on President
Trump telling his aides to perhaps be
prepared for an extension of that
blockade.
The sort of subplot that's emerged is
this UAE exit. Of course, I think Dubai
Dubai actually has a sort of greater
hook to it. But yes, UAE's decision to
leave OPEC is the is the main story
there as the global oil industry
grapples with supply disruption caused
by the war in Iran. Our team at
Bloomberg Economics have chimed in on
this. Very interesting take here that
when you look beneath the hood, the
clash between the two
has actually been brewing
for not just it this wasn't something
that started just weeks ago. This was
months and years in the making and the
Iran war has simply widened that
fracture. Flip the page, please, and
have a look at where we go in as far as
oil markets go and perhaps the potential
impact on the oil markets and the take
from Ziad and his team is unlikely to
react as far as oil goes. The issue
isn't how much Gulf producers actually
want to supply, is whether they can
actually supply what they want to
supply. And I I think it's something
we'll get into right now, April.
Yeah, with our colleague Stephen
Stapczynski who leads our Asia energy
coverage and he joins me in the studio.
So, Stephen, I mean, we're getting these
headlines, right, about how maybe this
blockade will be extended even further.
So, maybe what we're seeing in Brent
kind of makes sense cuz we're at levels
we saw before the ceasefire began.
But, the UAE thing, longer term, what is
that going to mean for the market
balance as well? You know, I think
that's more of a
you know, obviously not not any
near-term effect because they can't get
the oil out, but more long-term, the
importance of OPEC is is in greater
question. There have been other OPEC
members that have left over the years.
Smaller oil producer, Qatar left a few
years back,
Angola, but the UAE is is a pretty big
blow. They're the third largest producer
in OPEC and it's just and they they
have, you know, they're one of a few
producers, basically just Saudi and
them, that have the ability to spare
capacity to potentially maybe increase
their output according to the IEA. Now,
some analysts say that the UAE is
already pumping at at maximum capacity
already, but the fact of the matter is
if if if they're losing these members,
what importance does OPEC and OPEC+ have
on the wider market? How much ability do
they have to actually
sort of balance the market
and and are there questions about other
members leaving? We had a Bloomberg
report just in the last 12 hours kind of
surveying
a number of different officials within
the OPEC group. So far, it doesn't look
like we're going to see a mass exodus
from OPEC+. But, I think it does, you
know, sort of change the way that you
look at the organization and how Saudi
Arabia will will will effectively have
influence in the market going forward.
Yeah, talk to us also about this rift
that has been brewing for a while
between the UAE and the Saudis in terms
of the difference in visions or
ambition. You know, it kind of goes back
you know, it goes back to COVID in one
way, but I would even say it goes back
before then, but let's let's look at
COVID for a minute. So in 2020 obviously
oil demand fell. We had famously oil
prices in the US going negative.
Inventories were brimming and one of the
decisions by OPEC and the wider OPEC
plus organization was to cut back
production and that was led by Saudi
Arabia. According to our reporting, the
UAE and ADNOC the main state-owned
supplier out of the UAE had wanted to
actually increase at least at least keep
their production steady to continue to
hold market share. But by doing so, by
reducing their output when oil prices
rose again inevitably in 2021,
you saw shale producers take more and
more of the market as well as other
producers around the world. So this
began the rift. I mean, there other
things beyond energy that are happening
as well between between the two
countries. I think one thing that is
quite fascinating, especially in this
recent conflict with Iran, is that the
UAE and officials from ADNOC have been
very outspoken about Hormuz and about
the situation. And while
while Aramco as well has talked about
it, it just seems that the UAE is much
more out there kind of putting pressure
on on ending this. Whereas Saudi Arabia
you haven't seen quite as much as many
public comments coming out. That's one
approach there as well. And then lastly,
you you I think you also look at the
the economic power that both of the
countries are trying to hold. The UAE
has Dubai, a large
um economic hub for talent. Saudi Arabia
is competing uh to do that as well and
trying to trying to create a similar
sort of situation in Riyadh. Is that
part of that uh that tension within the
region as well? Uh something something
interesting to look at.
>> Okay, so some of these longer-term
shifts, but short-term we're moving by
the headline, and we are getting word
that maybe they're going to extend this
blockade on the US side. Yeah. What do
we know perhaps also on the Iran side in
terms of shut-ins? And ultimately, what
is that going to mean for prices? Yeah,
I mean, I think um it's a really
interesting headline that we just got
from the Wall Street Journal. Um I think
if you can't look at Iran without
looking at what the US is doing. So, um
if the US does extend this uh for weeks
or months or even longer, you know, I
don't have the report in front of me,
but just based on that, it sounds like
that's the rhetoric, um then potentially
you will uh get shut-ins from from Iran
uh
not in the matter of days, but according
to Kepler, which is an analyst that
looks at ship tracking data, they're
saying more like weeks. I think their
latest forecast was a bit more than 20
days. So, this if goes on for about 3
more weeks or so, then we're in a
situation where uh Iran will have to
adjust their production. I think one
thing to note, um I think Bloomberg
columnist Javier Blas had said this
before, but it it This is not Iran's
first rodeo. They've had to deal with
sanctions. They've had to deal with
tension.
Um and so, they know how to reduce their
production. They know how to grapple
with the uncertainties of the market.
So, just because they're reducing their
output um doesn't mean that uh their
facilities will immediately be damaged
or that this is a long-term shut-in.
They have the ability to also increase
output potentially if there is an
agreement and they are able to clear
some of that storage. I think the bigger
risk to the region is more how many
ships are willing to go through Hormuz
because as this US blockade continues,
Iran will likely continue their
blockade. And therefore, uh if that
that's just creates a logjam for the
region and when you look at the daily
crossings, we are nowhere near where we
were at pre-war levels, which was 135 or
more ships on a daily basis. So, this
just continues to throttle the market.
It
It continues the shutting of 10 million
barrels per day of of production
within the region and and it's just
going to continue to tighten the market
and and potentially lead to higher
prices.
Okay, Stephen. Great to get you on as
always talking us through the latest
headlines as well as some of what's come
out in the energy markets in the past
day. And still ahead, Chinese EV giant
BYD feeling the squeeze [music] of the
prolonged price war with short-term debt
surging as profits lie to a 3-year low.
[music]
All the details and analysis next and
we're counting down to the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
This [music] is the China Show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> So, we're still [music] on watch for
earnings out of these Chinese companies
and of course we've talked about the EV
players. We've talked about the solar
giant Longi. We are watching of course
Geely that's set to report as well and
then of course the big test for the
China bank trade that is due with these
big four that are reporting. So, that's
something else to contend with today. In
terms of BYD's earnings, we did see how,
you know, they showed uh fourth quarter
of profits declining but the short-term
borrowings jumping 72%
last quarter to about 9.7 billion
dollars. That was something else that
was a bit of a shock as well. Quarterly
profit tumbled 55% to its lowest level
in more than 3 years and all this kind
of suggests that BYD's cash needs have
become increasingly urgent as China's
years-long price war takes its toll on
the country's car makers, Dave.
It It really is, right? And it's times
like this where it's it's important to
look at the cash situation, right? You
know, cash does not lie. You know, when
you look at uh cash flow, for example.
And I think our Bloomberg piece actually
does fantastic justice to this piece,
right? You have inventories picking up,
bills payable picking up, short-term
borrowing uh picking up. Not Not that
we're anywhere close to sort of drastic
territory, but I think it's very
reflective of the competitive
environment, the amount of caution that
is reflective of the changes
at the the cash flow statement, right?
So, what you have here is classic free
cash flow, net changes in cash. Free
cash flow is in purple, net changes in
cash is white. You have the three
massive components of cash flow, uh
investing, operating, and financing. And
what you do have is, of course, from an
operations standpoint, that's in green,
and you can see that, of course, coming
in very very low uh compared to the
previous quarter. What Where you do see
a massive spike is the spike in uh
financing activities, right? So, being
able to borrow cash to plug whatever
working capital needs that the company
may have. But that is what we're seeing
in as far as this is concerned. And I
think it's really indicative uh April,
when you look at free cash flow
remaining negative, that's the ability
for the company, of course, to fund
future capex. And short-term Short-term
borrowing seems to be, and we haven't
heard directly from the company
specifically on this, uh seems to be the
way that the company's bridging uh maybe
some of the cash burn that's taking
place because of some of the inventories
that are piling up. But yes, let's let's
get into all of this, of course, April.
Yeah, with our Bloomberg Intelligence
auto analyst for China, Joanna Chen. She
joins us now. So, Joanna, we've just run
through what's at stake for BYD in terms
of borrowings. We're also seeing how
the earnings declined for a fourth
quarter. Maybe that's adding to
expectations that things have bottomed
out. Are you expecting a turnaround for
the EV maker?
Yeah, um so BYD is definitely at a
turning point. We saw like uh a brutal
year of earnings declines. You know,
first quarter was particularly bad with
not only weaker volume, but also the
currency losses. So, um at this point,
we are seeing some turnaround starting
to shaping up. We saw like overseas
sales are remaining very strong,
especially with the current oil shocks,
and domestic sales after BYD's latest
launches with the second generation
blade battery has talked a lot of
consumer interest. And we saw showroom
traffic picking up pace. Well, we have
to say like second quarter, there will
still be some higher cost because BYD
needs to ramp up the battery capacity
for the new models, and also they need
to clear some older inventories, but
definitely we're seeing that second half
will be a much stronger recovery for BYD
both in the sales and also the bottom
line. Uh it just in terms of the macro
factors involved, this global oil shock,
how how are you expecting that to
influence the
uh the momentum in BYD financials? So,
definitely the EV sales overseas, and
also BYD also has this energy storage
business. That's all both of both of
them are benefiting from this global
energy crisis and oil shocks. You know,
especially in Asia, we see that
Southeast Asian also Australia,
consumers are flooding into all those EV
lots, and they're taking whatever
available in inventory. So, BYD, they
are really trying to boost their
shipping capacity to all those markets
to fill in that demand.
>> That's a good problem to have. Joanna,
thank you so much. Joanna Chen there,
our China auto analyst at Bloomberg
Intelligence. Later on, in about 60
minutes or so, HSBC's Yu Chengdong joins
us. Of course, he also covers autos for
the bank there. BYD in the early going
7/10 of 1% to the upside. A preview of
the trading day is just ahead. This is
the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Okay.
Um
really uneventful approach to the the
open [music] today. We're in the thick
of earnings.
Um so, perhaps the stories are more
idiosyncratic like BYD of course coming
up on your screens as April was pointing
out. The big banks are coming through
with [music] earnings later today and of
course this broader cohort of
other
car makers are coming out. Some liquor
makers [music] are also due and making
some news there. April, what are you
watching?
Well, there's one stock. Um
>> [music]
>> we were expecting their earnings, but it
seems like that's going to be delayed.
Wuliangye EP and it's delaying its
earnings release for the full year as
well as the first [music] quarter by a
day so we hear and this is against the
backdrop of its chairman of course
having been detained since late [music]
February and softer liquor sales as
well. That's what we're watching. This
is Bloomberg. [music]
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. [music] You're watching
the China Show counting down to the open
of trades today. As we've been
mentioning, we are in the thick of
earning season. Uh I think about 150
[music] companies are set to report uh
across greater China today. Could be
much much more of course depending on
the benchmark you look at. [music]
Uh apart of that, we're sandwiched
between uh this OpenAI story that's
really weighed on sentiment as far as
tech goes. You had the big tech heavy
benchmarks [music] really feeling some
downside today. Japan is shut April, so
we do we don't have that representation.
Although [music] futures are pointing to
the downside, but the fact that China
has not been viewed really within that
AI ecosystem of the US [music] perhaps
would be of of help today given
everything else that's that's happening.
Yeah, I mean to your point about Japan,
it was quite interesting, right?
Following on from the BOJ and the
signals that it sent, maybe there was
some expectation as well that that would
put further pressure on AI and tech
stocks leading to, you know, what does
that mean for the continued
outperformance of the Nikkei versus the
topics? But to your point on whether
this helps China in a way, you know,
this AI
sort of rethink that we're seeing,
you're a bit lower on the mainland
markets. You are still seeing the likes
of Cambricon for example coming under
pressure, which is interesting because
of course mainland AI hardware has been
a really strong play of late against the
backdrop of course of what we're seeing
in perhaps some indigestion when it
comes to the consumer related stocks.
Great job Moutai, Wuliangye, those are
in focus. Wuliangye of course, as we
told you just a short while ago,
delaying its earnings release. Now
Philip the board take a look at what
we're seeing in Hong Kong on a
there is a bit of a rethink when it
comes to AI, whether the cap backs
continues to pay off, translates into
earnings following on from what Open AI
missed on sales and new users. These
were its own numbers that they missed to
the extent that this is in a way I guess
helping Hang Seng Tech. 7/10 higher on
that in index and we're seeing some of
the consumer tech names also pulling
ahead for the moment. Aside from that,
take a look at BYD. Of course, we've
been watching
the open for this stock very, very
closely following on from its fourth
quarter of a profit decline. We are also
seeing those short-term borrowings
surging. 2 billion yuan Forex loss, but
this is net net what you're seeing in
the market reaction. You're trading
higher about 3%. Other earnings also
include the solar giant Longi. It did
show a widening in the first quarter
losses. But there's an expectation that,
you know, the longer this energy shock
from the Iran war continues, that these
solar players will benefit. For the
moment, it is still about the
overcapacity in the sector that seems to
be dragging the stock. Ping An
Insurance, another one to watch. That
seems to be a bit of an outlier and it's
3% higher despite the profit falls.
We're also watching, of course, today
the banks that are reporting, Dave.
Yeah, April, we're just getting some
data that's coming through. I'm just
parsing through just a series of data
points here, but the It is Aussie
inflation. The data set's coming
through. It really just judging by the
reaction in the currency markets, this
seems to be more on there is a dovish
reaction across the Aussie, as you can
see, was already on the way down and
even seeing a a further leg lower. It's
It's an inflation miss.
Not that 4.6% is not a high number.
Certainly, anyone who would have
expected this number to come through as
recently as 3 months ago would be called
crazy. But 4.6% given the reality right
now, missing estimates that we are
coming off a low threes number, of
course. And as far as Australia's
concerned, 4.6 is the actual. 4.8 was
the estimate. And as far as the
Q-on-Q
print is concerned, 1.4%.
Perhaps the broad takeaway here, no
nasty surprises. So for the RBA to
perhaps react to I'm the current
situation. Okay, let's pivot back from
the macro to the micro and have a look
at these earnings coming through as
well. It's one of the companies that had
recently reported is by by the way one
of the best performing stocks on the
MSCI China index as you can see on your
screens. RemeGen the company just
reported first quarter results revenue
up 25%
from a year back.
Joining us exclusively is the company's
CFO Hong Shaojin. Good morning and thank
you for joining us.
Let's let's talk about the results here.
25% on revenues you have an
out-licensing deal of course which I
believe you've also received your
upfront payment too.
Just talk us through do you expect the
momentum to continue in into the rest of
this year?
Sure.
Yeah, it's a strong start of all our
2026 and overall we delivered another
strong quarter in revenue and
margin improvements.
But without recapping those numbers
>> [clears throat]
>> we achieved
this revenue growth
and maintained gross margin despite a
10% price cut
both of our commercialized drug starting
from January 1st. And also in first
quarter
we for the first time in company's
history we achieved operational cash
flow positive.
And of course
the third
most importantly in the first quarter we
closed the deal with AbbVie. Yeah, with
all these strong
elements put together we do expect
our strong growth both domestic business
and R&D pipeline to continue
strong delivery in the next two to three
years.
Understood. And just maybe just to zero
in
initially on the domestic side of the
business, of course you have that
out-licensing deal which covers outside
the domestic market, which we can get to
in a moment. But of the two,
when you look at the two drugs that are
commercially being marketed right now
domestically, can you give us your
outlook your projections for this year
on both domestic for the domestic
market?
Yeah,
we we did set pretty clear goal for 2026
that for our commercialized products, so
we
we aim to deliver 25 plus percent
organic growth
for domestic sales. And based on that
our base business excluding any PD
revenues, we should achieve a
break even on P&L basis for the full
year 2026.
And
the [clears throat] growth of the
domestic sales are primarily driven by
our two products RC18,
which is autoimmune disease drug that
has been approved for three indications
and we expect two important new
indications to be approved in the in
2026 and that should drive uh this
drug's growth in the next several years.
On
RC48, the oncology drug, we expect new
indications to drive growth
and maintain healthy growth in next
several years as well.
And how might that growth from the
domestic market help with incomes and
perhaps in a way offset some of the R&D
costs? What are you expecting on that
front as well?
>> Yeah. Yeah, as I just
put, we aim for break even solely based
on domestic business. That means our
domestic sales should be able to cover
all our sales across and cost.
And going forward
with larger scale of sales,
we should continue to see improvement in
margins in
in terms of gross margin,
lower
sales cost percentage, and
our R&D will
continue to grow, but not at
a crazy speed. So, we should expect
solely based on domestic
business, we should expect
very meaningful and uh
growing uh profitability.
What are the priorities for R&D for your
firm?
Yeah, we'll we'll keep doing what we do
best.
We have platforms in mono and body,
bi-specific antibody, and multi-specific
antibody, and also ADCs.
We focus surrounding autoimmune diseases
and
uh onco-oncologies.
So, we will
keep doing what what we do best. Uh
keep generating
novel innovative molecules.
Uh sorry, I was going to ask you about
No, please finish. Please finish.
Yeah, go you go ahead.
Oh, I was going to ask you about the
third one in the pipeline,
RC28. My understanding is you've entered
clinical phase three phase three
clinical studies for that.
What does the clinical data suggest that
if you could give us an indication of
the indications for
for RC28?
Yeah, RC28 is ophthalmology
is a ophthalmology drug that we already
partnered with the Santen. So, this year
we expect toward the end of the year we
should expect approval of this uh
uh so-called the
diabetic macular edema indication to be
approved in China.
And
we are also filing for
another indication which is called wet
wet AMD.
Uh that
the BLA is going to be filed
mid this mid this year.
So,
uh
we have not shared
too much
uh clinical data at at this moment but
that
some phase three data may be uh
may be presented later this year.
Uh so, after that can comment on the
competitiveness
of that drug in this space.
Mhm.
Uh Shao-Ching
Yes. At some point will you be looking
at additional financing to fund things?
Your pipeline, your R&D, your
operations?
Yeah, we just received the six $650
million US
uh
upfront payment in early April.
So, with that payment
we our financial situation has been
fundamentally changed. We
uh shifted from a net debt position to a
heavy cash position.
Uh
As I just said we expect uh
uh break even this year and actually on
cash flow basis we'll be positive this
year and going forward with improving
margins growing sales we should
expect
uh our base business become a a
cash generating business. So,
without
big strategic
strategic projects, we
do not
>> [clears throat]
>> foresee any need to for additional
financing at this moment.
Yeah, I mean the beauty of how
out-licensing deals are structured with
that upfront payment. I I guess final
question for you, should the markets
expect any new or further out-licensing
deals
uh this year?
Yeah,
at this moment, all our late-stage
products are all partnered licensed out.
We do have a new
relatively
early-stage new drugs
in in the pipeline. And hopefully when
we generating more data for those
molecules, uh
>> [clears throat]
>> we'll definitely strive to have more
deals, more out-licensing deals.
Shaojing, great to have you with us.
Thanks so much. Shaojing Tong, ACFO of
RemeGen. We'll have more in a few
minutes.
This
is super. Thank you.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. State broadcaster China Central
[music] Television says Beijing's move
against the madness made a deal will not
hurt foreign investment. Now, the
commentary argues that regulation is
necessary and does not contradict
encouraging foreign inflows. Now, the
article says that because of Manas's
early R&D was conducted in China and its
technical team consisted of Chinese
engineers, the data and the tech behind
it are linked to Chinese interests. Now,
Beijing has ordered the deal between the
two sides to be unwound after a
months-long investigation and the
fallout from that is prompting at least
one Chinese tech founder that we spoke
with to put up strict walls between
their US and China businesses.
Yeah, to talk more about the
ramifications from this move by Chinese
authorities,
uh joining us now from Singapore,
Stephanie Kam is assistant professor of
the China program at the Nanyang
Technological University's Institute of
Defense and Strategic Studies. Great to
have you with us, Stephanie.
First off, I mean, Dave has just talked
through some of the considerations, the
worries. What has your read on this
entire episode been?
Yeah, thanks for having me. Uh I would
frame the Manas ban as Beijing's
assertion over Chinese-origin strategic
technological assets that have left its
borders but remain linked uh to uh its
uh Beijing's AI ecosystem.
Um so, I think this is much bigger than
just uh Meta losing an acquisition or
Beijing blocking a sale.
Uh Beijing is sending a signal
essentially that Frontier AI uh agent
companies are no longer being treated as
ordinary software startups. Instead,
they're being recast as strategic
national assets.
So, they're made up of uh assets of
engineers, modern know-hows, and data as
as you mentioned earlier, some of these
uh important um
uh data and know-how by these engineers.
So, another key takeaway for me is also
that Manas may have moved offshore, but
Beijing is saying that the technology
did not necessarily leave China's
regulatory orbit. So, the um April 27
NDRC notice was brief uh and that
followed with more uh details uh uh
subsequently but the signal from Beijing
is clear that AI providence now a matter
so the the point at
which the origin the the technology
originates
in China has ordered matter to unwind
it's 2 billion dollar plus acquisition
despite
we know Singapore be it being Singapore
headquartered excited national security
concerns around Chinese tech talent and
data routes.
So this is the read
that I have overall as
event has unfolded. Right.
It
To your point do you think it's a bit
more about
you know potential warnings or re things
for tech founders if they're thinking of
relocating out of China more so than the
actual concerns of transfer of
technology which as you say you know
Manas is saying that is not something
that's transpired just yet.
So I think Manas moved offshore for
commercial reasons to stay visible
visibly China based would make it harder
to raise capital to serve global
customers
and to access many of these
frontier AI infrastructures
and obviously Singapore gave it the
neutrality and legitimacy
but Beijing's response on the other hand
shows the limits of this commercial
logic when it comes to strategic tech
and AI. Beijing's regulate regulators
care a lot less about corporate address
than about the origins of the providence
of the strategic tech talent and and the
data. So this is where the national
security concerns come come in.
So from Beijing's perspective this was
not just a corporate exit but it was a a
potential transfer of a Chinese origin
AI capability into uh Meta's global
ecosystem.
Uh and Beijing is saying that those
hands that built those models are
essentially the strategic assets, and we
we cannot have them uh transferred to uh
to Meta.
I think it's also saying maybe
Oh, so I was going to ask I mean, just
to build on what what what you just
said, it's
for for for founders and businesses who
are clearly now at least a lot more
clearly today than we were last week,
clearly in a strategically sensitive um
industry or asset like AI, for example,
uh
is is this clarity
can we view this uh this ruling as as a
positive thing that, you know, it's now
clear what that where that line is?
Um I I think yes and no, uh because the
the ban certainly resets this offshore
paper uh frontier AI companies now have
uh to work with.
Uh and and for years the strategy was
for Chinese origin tech firms to
globalize through uh structure to move
their headquarters,
uh to raise uh uh foreign capital. Uh
but Meta shows that this is no longer
enough um
because regulators will will scrutinize
not just where the that the company's
incorporated, but they will ask uh much
deeper questions like where the
technology is being developed, uh where
the engineers came from, and where the
data infrastructures were built,
um and who ultimately has control of of
the the roadmap. Um so, I think this
changes the risk uh risk um
uh
equation for many of these AI companies
seeking to go offshore or pursuing uh
some of these merger acquisitions as as
you alluded in in in the question.
Okay, so it might limit the M&A, sort of
the exits, the broader exit strategies,
Stephanie, of a lot of these AI I can't
help but think about the TikTok story in
the US where you know, the transfer of
the algorithm was really at the core of
the issue, at least based on what the
headlines suggested. I mean, just using
that as a jumping-off point then,
um
does this limit the commercial viability
of overseas markets for Chinese tech
startups, for example? Um can we treat
those two things as separate where the
algorithm uh where the model is uh and
where the market is, which could be
outside?
Yeah, that's a that's a good question. I
I I think the the the real policy
implication that that arises from from
this case is that Beijing is is really
prepared to securitize offshore AI firms
even if they're compliant from a from a
commercial standpoint.
Uh so, the Manas case adds a front to
the the US China AI
contest in the context of the the US
China rivalry cuz this is not just a
competition of about who builds the the
best model, but it is really a contest
over who controls the know-how, the
data. Um and and that that matters, um I
think because um
uh China is also saying that in response
to uh
Washington can also screen strategic
technology deals through its own the US
has its own uh Committee on Foreign
Investment in the United States to
address national security risk. Europe
and Japan, they also have their economic
security tools. So, uh why can't we uh
do the same? Uh so, essentially it's
it's uh it's saying that China's really
not doing anything different. Uh but I
think where it's uh really different in
this in this case is is in terms of its
reach and its uh discretion uh because
Manas had already moved offshore and
presented itself as uh clearly
Singapore-based in 2025. Um
so, uh the very clear signal I think at
the end of all for the market is that
Beijing is going to be prepared to
securitize offshore AI firms even if
they're
legally compliant, which is what methods
had said from a commercial standpoint.
Okay. Stephanie, thank you so much for
the time. Uh, let's continue this next
time, please. Stephanie Kamder, uh,
assistant professor of the China program
at the Institute of Defense and
Strategic Studies at the Nanyang [music]
Tech University. Okay. Uh, lots more
ahead. Markets are doing this. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're doing actually quite well. Uh,
NASDAQ continues to benchmark [music]
basis. I think reversing really the
weakness we had on on Tuesday where
really when you look at the rest of the
Asia Pacific on Tuesday [music] actually
went the opposite way. So, uh, we're
just basically flipping the coin the
other side of the day here. Uh, just to
mention to Morris [music] uh, with its
latest call on easing out of mainland
China and they're not basically pushing
[music] that back on the timeline you
see bottom of your screen. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the Hang Seng Index a half hour
into the session. Of course, we have
been seeing the Hang Seng tech rallying
quite hard following on from yesterday's
underperformance. Now, today it is
against the backdrop of the rotation
that we saw overnight in the US and
today HuaHong, SMIC, those AI hardware
names are the ones that are dragging the
Hang Seng tech. Going the other
direction are the AI takers, so to
speak. So, you have Kuaishou, Alibaba.
Those are the stocks in the green, and
of course, helped along by what we're
seeing in BYD as well. That stock
climbing today following the earnings.
Dave.
Yeah, it's it's a good day today. We
just have to string together successive
wins
cuz the 26,000 level on the Hang Seng is
one that's been awfully common recently.
Uh it's really been hugging that level,
I think, a lot more than koalas hug
themselves and each other.
That's a very different day.
S&P futures are managing to shrug off
some of the open AI concerns overnight.
So, we're slightly
higher on that. Taiwan, of course, is
perhaps falling in tandem with the
Nikkei, of course, which is closed
today. So, the futures down as far as
that's concerned. Happened this morning,
Taiwan is now bigger than Canada after
surpassing, I think, the
the UK a few weeks back. Korea, by the
way, also surpassed the UK very, very
recently. And I think next in line will
be Taiwan in a couple of weeks. Well,
first, Korea might then surpass Canada,
and then I think it's Taiwan. Next in
line is India. There we go. And if it
does surpass India, it becomes a
top-five market globally in terms of
market cap. Okay.
Um
FX markets, I think the continued pain
we're seeing in the oil markets, this
continued climb is really hitting EM and
EM net importers of energy. The
Philippine peso is continuing to see
weakness as with the Thai baht. Record
low close on the peso yesterday.
Continuing to see more weakness there.
The oil story looking like this. The
Journal reporting this morning that the
US president is telling his staff and
his aides to prepare for a prolonged
blockade.
Dollar is weaker, but oil is continuing
its march, slow march, to the upside.
111 now on the most active contract on
Brent. April.
Yeah, and as we continue to track
developments, perhaps ramifications from
the Iran war. Of course, it's also been
about how the UAE is saying that the
impact of the war was a key factor in
its decision to leave OPEC. The Emirati
energy minister told Bloomberg's
Joumanna Bercetche the move will give
his country the agility it needs at an
unprecedented time in energy markets.
The decision is is taken at the right
time in our view because it's not going
to hugely impact the market. The market
is is under under supplied and because
of the unfortunate closure
of the Strait of Hormuz and
the level of of inventories that we have
Joumanna joins us now from Dubai.
Joumanna,
you spoke to the minister. I mean, tell
us more about the decision by the UAE to
leave OPEC.
Yeah, absolutely April. And what a
decision it was. The rumor mill was
going into overdrive for all of
yesterday that a big announcement was
coming from the UAE. And of course, it
did come in the afternoon over here. The
UAE announcing that they are leaving
OPEC officially as of May the 1st. Now,
I had the opportunity to speak with the
UAE energy minister, Mr. Suhail
Mazrouei, shortly after the
the decision came out. And you heard a
little bit there about the justification
for that move. And of course, the first
question I asked him is why is the UAE
making this decision now? And he cited
the favorable market conditions. He said
it was a careful decision that was
taken. And the key here is we are in a
situation, as we've been reporting for
several weeks now, where the oil market
is very much under supplied. We're
talking about 10 to 12 million barrels a
day that are not reaching their final
customers. So, this was an opportune
time for the UAE to make this decision
without causing a huge stir to the
market or huge shockwaves because at the
end of the day, the street is still
effectively shut. Now, the backdrop to
this obviously is that the UAE is one of
the most influential members of OPEC.
They're not the largest member, that's
Saudi Arabia, but they are one of the
members that carry a lot of political
clout and a lot of spare capacity. And
in recent years, there has been growing
friction between the UAE and Saudi
Arabia about the UAE's production
capacity. They've been wanting to
produce more. They've been building up
their capacity. Right now, or before the
war, they were producing around 3.6
million barrels a day. The target is to
get to 5 million barrels a day by 2027,
but of course, they feel like they were
restrained by the production quotas that
were coming through from OPEC. So, this
move liberates them from being
coordinated with the rest of the group,
of course, once things normalize. Now, I
did also ask the energy minister whether
what there was a political dynamic to
this as well. And, you know, also what
we've been reporting the last couple of
weeks is this there's been a difference
in approach in terms of how Saudi Arabia
have been approaching the war with the
Iran versus UAE, and whether the timing
for this actually optically looks good
given that the GCC should in theory
uh have a collective stance versus the
aggressions that have been taking place
from Iran. Here's what he had to say.
It has no political linkage. Our
relationship with all of the producers
will remain there. They are neighbors.
They are partners in
in many shapes and forms. And as an
active and a proactive producer, UAE
will always
be there. We're not disappearing from
the market. We are a responsible
producer. We just want to have the
freedom to take the decisions that
that is required due to the situations
that we are living in.
So, playing down the political dynamics
there and essentially saying that we
just want to have the freedom to make
our own decisions. Certainly a big blow
to OPEC. As of yet, not a big dent to
the market, but we have to see what
happens once things actually return back
to normal and flows start going through
the street again. How much the UAE will
increase production and will it
incentivize OPEC themselves to also
increase production?
Yeah, there's very little indication
that we are moving towards normalcy. And
I want to get your take on this journal
report in a moment, but just very
quickly on that, uh clearly the war did
not help. So, what impact did the war
have on this decision? Uh and what
happens now to to to the group?
Yeah, it's a good question, David,
because ultimately the catalyst wasn't
the war. I think the excuse, the pretext
was the war in the sense that it's had
taken all of these oil barrels off the
market and the UAE UAE identified a
window of opportunity
to leave OPEC without causing a huge
dent or rupture to global oil markets.
Now,
uh if they had done this a couple of
months ago, I think the market would
have been very quick to assume that we
were going to be unleashing production
supply. And there are precedents to
this. Obviously, you know, you have to
go back to 2021 uh when there was a
dispute between the UAE and Saudi Arabia
about the about their respective
policies. And in general, what you can
say is the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has
been looking to put a floor on oil
prices. They want to keep oil prices
relatively high. They have these massive
spending programs that they need to
fund. The UAE's
economics come from a different
perspective. It's a lot more of a
diversified economy from that for their
perspective. They've been wanting to
produce as much as possible. And so, uh
the Iran war presented an opportunity in
so far as these oil supplies are
constrained. But again, what people are
saying is later down the track. You just
have to watch this space and see how
much extra production could be hitting
the market and also whether it changes
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's approach
as well to keep these prices elevated.
What Possibly what we're in for though
down the track is more volatility.
Yeah, well, the the strait remains
largely shut. I guess apart from
massive super yachts and I'm sure some
people have seen that story. But
on this on this report out of the
journal today that the US is preparing
for me prolonged closure of this. What
do we know about that?
Yeah, so this story hit the wires about
an hour ago. It's it's moving markets
here and I think we've been waiting for
President Trump of the White House's
response to the Iran proposal. Remember,
we've been reporting about that the last
couple of days
whereby they had bifurcated the issue of
the strait from the issue of the nuclear
file. Now, no formal response has yet
come through from the US. But the Wall
Street Journal are reporting that Trump
considers all of the options and out of
all of the options, he thinks keeping
the naval blockade is the most effective
way to go by it. The other options would
include a return to hostilities and of
course we've had a ceasefire in place
since April the 7th. The other option
would be just to simply walk away.
But from the US's perspective and
President Trump, Marco Rubio has spoken
about this in the last couple of days,
they they seem to think that the
blockade is working. And in fact,
yesterday we were reporting looking at
Kepler data that Iran's storage capacity
is going to fill up in the next 12 to 22
days. That is going to put a lot of
pressure on the Iranian economy.
President Trump's thinking, per the Wall
Street Journal, is the longer the US
naval blockade goes on for, the more
incentivized Iran will will be to come
back to the negotiating table because
for him it is a non-starter to separate
the matter of the strait from the
nuclear file. It is an unacceptable
outcome and something that he can't
present back to his base that after two
months of war, the only achievement has
been to reopen the straits and not get
an outcome that they're looking for on
the nuclear file, which is that Iran
commits to never developing a nuclear
bomb. So, this is the Wall Street
Journal reporting. No official response
yet from the White House, but we will
wait and see if if they comment on
anything officially in the next 24
hours.
Jomana, thank you. Jomana Bersechi,
anchor there of Horizons Middle East and
and Africa. Right, now amidst all of
that, of course, we have lots of people
are expecting maybe that China actually
lead the rebound here. That actually
hasn't happened, right? When you look at
you know, when markets bottomed about a
month ago,
Chinese benchmarks, I think most Chinese
benchmarks because the China X has done
something else. We'll get to that later.
Have actually underperformed. And the
question really is why? Bank of America
says investors have been asking that
very question and that a better position
because of China energy self-reliance,
the Iran war. It should be noted that
the underperformance does not include
all of that as scripted. Okay. I'm just
reading my script here. The Nasdaq style
China X index, there we go. Very nice.
Okay, let's bring in Winnie Wu. She's
been waiting here ahead of APAC equity
strategy at BofA Global Research. I
mean, why is a good question? It's it's
one economy that is in pressure to raise
interest rates. It's energy
self-sufficient. Yet, the market has not
responded intuitively. Yeah. That's
certainly been a huge debate among, you
know, China market followers. I think,
you know, there's probably a few
reasons. The first thing is that
market seems to be saying that AI is the
only story in town, right? Energy
prices, yeah, the ups and downs and
either temporary temporary or it doesn't
really matter because for the big tech
companies, they can pass it through. So,
it doesn't impact the earnings, right?
And secondly, it's also recently we are
also going through the earning season
and you know, if you look at rest of
emerging market, TSMC's, Hynix, they are
reporting consensus beating earnings and
earnings forecast for MSCI EM has been
revised up from beginning of the year
consensus was forecasting 29% growth,
now they're looking at like 45%. For
MSCI US, the earning expectation was
also revised up. Whereas in China,
earning expectation was actually
reduced, right? Beginning of the year
consensus was forecasting 11 to 12%
growth for MSCI China this year, by now
we're looking at 5%.
Yeah, and and that's mainly because the
internet sector is the still facing the
the challenges from both uh cyclically
soft economy and also the structural
challenges of potential AI disruption,
right? Um and the third part is you
know, we saw that in both US and China,
semi sector is showing good result,
strong social price outperformance,
whereas software and software adjacent
internet sector has been derated. You
know, last time when we talked about the
real mode report, we we we talked about
this. Um that actually happened in China
as well, but the difference is semi now
is around 16% of the US market indices,
right? Up from only 6% 3 years ago.
But in MSCI China, it's still only 2% of
the index. So, the index composition
difference also amplify the performance
difference. So, you know, to put it
together, for China market under
performance, one is because market are
not focusing on energy prices, but
really prioritizing the AI story. Two is
for China,
earnings has still been dragged down by
its major internet sectors, the still
relatively soft consumption, property
market, and three is index
composition-wise, MSCI China in
particular, HSCEI are too dominant by
internet. Whereas some of the Asia China
CSI 500, even STAR 50 has done
relatively well because they have more
composition of so-called new economy
tech semi-related stocks.
Winnie, to your point then, does that
mean that there's more to go when it
comes to the AI play for China,
especially given, as you mentioned, the
index composition? Maybe there's more to
unlock here. And then as well, when it
comes to how, you know, China is
promoting AI adoption. Think about how
Open Claw has fared, right? But maybe
we're not still seeing the growth, the
earnings impact. There's more to come on
that front.
Yeah. I I I think, you know, from a
medium-term, longer-term perspective,
absolutely, right? We are seeing more
IPOs of some of these new economy
companies, right? In the past 6 months,
we got more LLMs coming to the market,
more of the chip companies. Potentially,
we'll see some of the memory companies
coming to the market. So, as the IPOs of
the new economy companies coming and as
their earnings growing, share price
outperforming, the index will naturally
rebalance to incorporate more of these,
you know, real new economy sectors,
which will help the index performance.
But also, I think it is that, you know,
to your point about AI adoption
application, you're right that
interestingly, you know, despite the
open claw frenzy like 2 months ago, we
haven't seen AI adoption leading to very
significant impact on China's jobs or
earnings or GDP growth. And and I think
it's reflecting a few things. One is in
China, there are still abundant supply
of inexpensive knowledge workers.
Um two is Chinese regulators, government
are concerned about the job market. So,
you know, whether it's government or
SOEs, you can't just install a gentle AI
and fire 1,000 people. You can't do
that, right? And and that also kind of
limit companies' um willingness or
motivation in terms of aggressively
invest and deploy AI, right? Chinese
companies have been more cautious in
terms of, you know, uh risk control and
and and the the AI deployment. And
finally, I think it's also there is a
real constraint in terms of China's
compute, you know, memory, storage, um
and model cap capability. So, with the
exponential growth in demand for agentic
AI, it does strain on the capacity side.
So, the real effectiveness, the impact,
the efficacy of these open claw hasn't
been as strong as people initially
anticipated. Yeah, but you know, these
things will gradually come together.
Winnie, stick around. We have more to
ask you after the break. Winnie Wu from
BofA Global Research is staying with us,
but coming up as well, BYD's near-term
debt soaring to record highs [music]
as it tries to get through an earning
slump. We'll ask HSBC Global Research
what this means for the company and the
Chinese EV market. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're back here with Winnie Wu, head
[music] of APAC equity strategy at BofA
Global Research. We were just talking
during the break, you know, an emerging
theme that you mentioned we should be
paying attention to is the
the strong currency RMB has started to
show up in these earnings results. Yeah.
So, you know, generally speaking, RMB
going up should be a good sign, right,
for the RMB denominated asset. But, on
the other side, export has been the most
important driver for China's economy in
the past a couple of years, and RMB
appreciation will add to some pressure
in terms of China's exporters earnings.
And in the latest earning season, we see
a number of companies export growth
volume was still strong, but RMB the FX
loss, right, lead to the bigger than
expected decline in FX loss, which lead
to earnings disappointment.
[clears throat]
Also, the other thing is, you know, with
the higher energy prices, with RMB
appreciation, what does it do to the
ASEAN economy? Because by last year,
ASEAN has become the largest export
destination for China. It's now 18% of
China's export, right? Of course, some
of this may be transshipment, but still,
ASEAN is the biggest market. And now,
ASEAN market is already facing the
challenges for from higher energy
prices. And if RMB is also appreciating
against these currencies, does it hurt
China's export to these market? And what
does it mean for China this year's GDP
growth? So, I think, you know, while
we're celebrating RMB appreciation,
which is quite good for some yield
sector like Chinese banks, right?
Domestic driven yield is 5% plus 5% RMB
appreciation, 10% return, perfect. But,
for some of the other real economy
companies, especially exporters, um um
this R&B appreciation could be a
challenge this year. And just the
overview there is for investors in terms
of sector picks, is it still leaning in
terms of dividends and where that is
predictable and how do you feel about
say a sector like autos where
competition is still it's really showing
up quite badly in these financials and
how do you feel about sectors where you
have intense competition? Um so, well,
in this yesterday's report, we did look
at how the sector MSCI China sector
performed against their earning
revision. Generally speaking, for
H-share ADR market, earning revision is
the very important driver. So, you know,
banks, materials, industrials, generally
earning revisions are stronger and the
share price are indeed outperforming.
But, for Asia on the other side, Asia
earnings actually doesn't matter as
much, right? If you look at CSI 1000
Star 50, year-to-date earnings been
revised down, cut 15 to 20%.
Nonetheless, they still outperform MSCI,
they still outperform the the the
Shanghai comp because Asia investors
probably focus more on the long-term
thematic plays in these new economies
and they have also have a preference for
mid-small cap stocks which are perceived
to be less impacted from all the macro
geopolitical risks. So, from our
perspective, for the overall MSCI in
market, we do prefer the companies with
more defensive um
and the steady earnings growth. So, for
second quarter portfolio, we've
highlighted banks, energy, coal,
materials sectors, um some of the
industrial sectors in our top 10
portfolio. Yeah. Uh this is very quickly
on AI and concentration,
you know, that could who knows, that
could go up another I don't know, 2000%.
Um but, how do you look at concentration
risk and are people just closing their
eyes when they look at this momentum
trade? You know, I can't
afford to step out of this, but in some
ways I feel kind of nervous about what's
happening. Yeah, totally. This is a huge
debate, right? On one side and and and
then this is not not that the first time
market worry about concentration risk.
In fact, you know, 6 months ago, right?
October, November, people were worried
about concentration in the US semi
stocks like in Nvidia. Uh now people's
worry is the concentration in memory
stocks, right? Everyone own them. Is
that structural or is that cyclical? You
know, when people shift from PB
valuation historically on these memory
stocks to PE is that sign of market
peaking? The debates are certainly
there, but I think realistically the
consensus view is that even if it's a
concentrated trade, I don't want to be
the only one that missing out, right?
So, you just have to play along and also
as long as earning momentum remains to
be very strong and in fact for now
earnings still being revised up, people
are willing to, you know, continue to
play, you know, dance to the music.
Yeah, there we go. Even if it's 3:00
4:00 a.m. and the cops are maybe
circling around, not that they are. Of
course, Winnie, fantastic. Thank you so
much. Winnie Wu there, head of APAC
equity strategy at BofA Global Research.
And you note, right? Samsung's coming
out with earnings tomorrow. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, who remembers the old school
Nintendo
uh the game? I think it was Was it
Battle City? Anyway, we're talking
tanks. This main battle tank. So,
Hyundai Rotem is able [music] to
announce its contract with a Polish
defense contractor and that contract
winning that contract is lifting the
overall Titan defense. Very quickly, NIO
[music] is also out speaking of
transport here this new
family SUV segment. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Okay, welcome [music] back. You're
watching the China show. So, it's about
the time of the day when we should be
looking at Japan. Japan cash markets are
shut today, so that's your public
service reminder of the day.
Um okay, so has BYD actually hit
uh the trough and as far as the
corporate story is concerned? I mean,
the markets are reacting quite
positively to
uh the numbers where you had I think a
drop in net income. You had the big FX
hit, of course, which is part and parcel
to why the net income dropped. I think
you look underneath the hood, no pun
intended, uh things like inventory
levels have picked up, um bills payable
have picked up.
Short-term borrowing has picked up, so I
think it's indicative really when you
look at cash flow and what they're doing
to manage the cash. It's a conservative
situation when they're increasing
short-term borrowing. You had this
decrease massively in operating cash
flow.
Net changes in cash was positive, but
free cash flow overall remains negative.
Um so, how do we need to be looking at
this? This earnings reports uh through
the prism of the future.
Uh joining us here in set is Daniel
Chan, head of China auto research at
HSBC Global Research. Very nice to see
you.
Um there's lots to talk about. We had
this big car show, of course, in
Beijing, but why don't we start with
BYD? Um if I am sitting on a ton of that
stock, should I be worried about this
earnings report? I would say last
night's result
is a solid in line.
And also
um probably a sentiment beat given the
recent rising short interest. I would
highlight uh the gross profit margin is
really
a key highlight. First quarter is the
trough where you know that we all know
that is low seasonality coupled with
subsidy transition as well as BYD's own
model change over. So everyone knows
that but actually given
the quarter on quarter economic scale
almost half the BYD margin actually is
first quarter margin is the higher than
fourth quarter because of the mix.
Overseas mix has a has been a strong
support to the margin side and since BYD
has been launching the new technology
the second generation battery flash
charging they have they have also been
refreshing and launching new models. So
we just got the data last night BYD Song
Auto in the first month order book is
more than 60,000 and also last Friday in
auto show they've launched a high end
model grade 10 that has been booking
30,000 orders in the first 24 hours. So
that the coming new model ramp up and
also continuous model cycle would
support quarter on quarter improvement
in the coming quarters. Okay. And what
what do you think would be the best
financial indicator to watch as far as
BYD's concerned to
effectively support the narrative that
the Q1 was in fact the bottom? I would
say the model ramp up for sure and also
since BYD is a shifting their battery
capacity from Gen 1 to Gen 2 blade
battery so that probably lost us some
production pace over there. So how how
fast they can ramp up to support the new
model launches and eventually overseas
market starting from next year would
also be the key. So in short I would say
new model and
the monthly volume cadence.
Let's talk about we were joking. I was
going to say let's talk about the auto
show but it's really a tech show with
just a side offering of autos.
What what impressed you the most from
what what what they just displayed
recently? Yeah first of all
almost
a larger portion of the whole is a glow
glowing gloating blue light so which
makes autonomous driving mode is on. So,
I think autonomous driving, of course,
is one of the key focus. And also, we
also noticed that there's robots serving
our coffees walking around the halls.
And we see more AI agent functions has
been building into the cars. And and and
also the we see the robots has been
standing
beside the cars like they are future
colleagues. So, I would say the AI
involvement and autonomous driving
involvement and also the robotics
involvement would be something within
the industry that has been key watch.
How
What does that have to do with the P&L
of the car of the cars of the car
companies? Yeah, so great question. So,
we need a a proper business to support
the future innovation. So, of course,
the the P&L the the profitability is
very important. So, I think the product
makes the overseas expansion do helps to
support on the margin side so that the
companies would have sufficient cash and
a cap access well as the R&D budget to
investing in in AI applications as well
as the as well as the next generation
robotics.
You guys put out this report a few weeks
back, future transports. Talk to us
about that. What future trends do you
think we should be paying attention to
here beyond just a quarter and quarter
obsession over earnings and what have
you? Yeah, so if you want to highlight a
bit of the structure side of the debate,
we would say autonomous driving
narrative has been quickly shifting from
last year's technology differentiation
towards this year's commercial scaling.
Technology is maturing. The regulatory
framework has been supportive. The
public obviously is very interested in
in in terms of adoption. So, not much
not much real roadblock here. So, the
capabilities of the company with the
capability how fast they can scale in an
economic way would be the key focus of
the market this year. And from a sector
perspective, are there any bottlenecks
between the current point and getting to
all the the autonomous driving
realization.
Of course, uh uh it's going to be a
phased to roll out. Uh first is ODD
area, restricted area within certain
district, for example, Nanshan. But
recently, Guangzhou, the whole city has
been opening up. So, with more city join
the club, with more um um areas remove
the the restriction, we do see there's a
huge support to the commercialization.
And of course, on the industry key
player side, it's very important in
early stage, uh they collab with with
the car hailing company, and also they
have enough capital to to to deploy at
at scale if they wanted to. Do any OEM
stand out to you as being better
positioned than their peers in as far as
this one is concerned, this trend is
concerned? Yeah, speaking of the robot
taxi, we do want to highlight um um
Xpeng um as a OEM because they will also
launch the street robot taxi models this
year along with their new model cycles.
And uh they're also running pilot
project in Guangzhou. I think we'll
probably see um this company uh will
also be able to join uh the robot taxi
race soon. Right. And when do we expect
them to show up on let's say let's take
Xpeng as an example to show up in
Xpeng's P&Ls?
Um I would say um in a marginal way um
by the end of this year. And uh uh I
think that would that should be
materially kicking next year. But also,
I think uh there's a bit
there's a bit of a business model
difference. What we're talking about
autonomous driving, it take different
format as technology operator or you are
smart EV manufacturer. So, in terms of
the um Xpeng um um its current business
is a is a is a smart EV manufacturer.
So, in terms of the expanding into the
robot taxi, they could be the technology
provider. Their partnership could become
the operator. So, that would be also the
business model evolving as the the the
whole industry theme unfold in in in
between different players.
The the two other emerging themes, not
emerging, two other themes that are
continuing to I think show up in these
in the sector is
I want to get your thoughts on this
energy transition because of what's
happening in the Middle East, but just
initially, price competition, where are
we in that phase? Are we Are we Do you
see the light at the end of that tunnel?
I would say we're still unfortunately I
know we've been discussing this before
quite a quite a long time. Every time
you hear we ask that question. Yeah,
exactly. So I would say we're still in
pretty much still in the process of
consolidation which means the pricing
pressure is part of life. But again, I
would say the overall pricing condition
has been largely eased since last year's
anti-evolution
initiatives and we we see our companies
has been actively moving up the the
pricing curve and they use technology
leadership to buffer the pricing
pressure. Taking BYD for example, their
flash charging their next generation of
battery do give them the technology edge
in the domestic market as well as global
market as their along with their
capacity rolling out.
And also the higher pricing point with
the better mix will also help to support
on the pricing side as well as
marketing. So we just talked about the
Song Ultra and Great 10 model. They are
above the pricing point of 150,000
RMB. That's above like BYD group
average. So they have been making solid
success in the higher pricing point
model lineup so which help them to
buffer the pricing pressure
in general. And is it Is it clear to you
that consumers are responding quite
clearly
to the ability of OEMs to offer specific
tech? In other words, are they willing
to pay the price because of a unique
tech offering? Yeah, great question. So
that's why the Song Ultra is all about
out last night and also the first 24
auto book of Great 10 has been a good
validation that consumer are buying
because BYD has been loading the most
cutting edge technology in these new
models and also they're rolling out to
the flash charging infrastructure
nationwide which provide the further
support for the lifetime usage of this
model. So you see the positive spiral
started to starting from here. And also
we notice in a great 10, they have been
a trickle down their top-notch
technology such as the intelligence
chassis system from their high-end
denser models into their mass market
portfolio although priced higher. So, I
think these
technology maximization
does help these product to increase
their attractiveness
among consumers. And the recent order
booking momentum shows consumers are
willing to pay. And I mean it just makes
me think every time
I would say every time, but it's more
often than not when a car company comes
out with a new model, the order book
fills up quite quickly. How
how short is the replacement cycle in
China? How often do consumers replace
their or upgrade their their their
vehicles? Do we have any insights on
that?
Well, you're on to the the very cool
point of the industry core
competitiveness. I would say in China
the speed of iteration, the speed of
product cycle is faster than the rest of
the globe. And the consumer also
also respond faster to that. So, first
of all from the corporate side, if you
refresh faster, if you're loading the
most of the cutting-edge technology,
consumer do buy. You do see the positive
marketing influence. And from the
replacement cycle perspective, usually
in China it averages 3 to 5 years. So,
since the car the technology has been
evolving faster, most of the consumer
know the minute I buy the car it's the
starting to depreciate. But I guess this
is like a constant dynamics, right?
>> Right. But if you buy, you get access to
the latest technology. So, I think
consumer gradually getting used to that.
You don't want to own your smartphone
forever, right? You will upgrade every
couple of years.
>> They force me to upgrade, but yes, yeah.
You you you catch the drift. That's a
similar dynamic we're talking about in
today's smart EV industry. It's crazy to
think that a car today is completely
different from the tech of car 3 years
ago. And 3 years from now we don't even
know what a car looks like.
I can I ask you about the overseas
markets? The this this
this reminder from this energy shock
we're seeing in in in the Middle East.
Do you think that will accelerate the
adoption outside of China in terms of
EVs? Yes. We've already seen the
momentums coming. So, let's say
Yeah, in what way?
Since the oil oil price hike
BYD's Australian sales tripled.
Okay. So, I think that's a positive sign
that the oil price and also
the supply shock basically are
structurally making consumer to consider
EV in a more active way. So, I think
that does support structurally in terms
of metal long run the global EV
penetration. So, I think the the whole
like oil tail has been a structural
tailwind for the EV as well as the
batteries because of the adoption curve
got support. It's not overnight. It's a
structural consumer decision. And
although the price of the oil probably
normalize at some point, but again, the
consumer conversion is already happening
and it's starting to accelerate with the
latest data point. And most of OEM we
talked to basically expressed a strong
conviction in in in terms of meeting
their overseas target or beating them.
Fantastic. I'm always amazed by the way,
just as a note, how you have all of this
information in your head. Zero notes, if
you could take a wide shot here. All
that information in the head of Ding Yu
Chen there, fantastic head of China auto
research at HSBC Global Research. Right,
uh speaking of the earning story in
China, that's where we're coming through
here. Uh let's have a look at Longi
Green. Yeah, there we go, down about 4%
uh today first [music] quarter net loss
widened to $281 million. The results
came in despite this rise in solar
module prices [music] reflecting the
elevated cost of of silver. Now, the
company says in a filing it had weak
product prices, low utilization rates,
and rising [music] raw material costs
have weighed on the company's
operations.
Right, Ping An Insurance also out.
[music] Shares should be up. What are we
doing now? 5%? Very nice. Robust first
quarter results thanks to strong new
business value growth. And that comes of
[music] course despite first quarter
profit falling about 7 and 1/2% 7.4 to
be more exact here as the stock market
slump
slightly hurts [music] investment
returns. The benchmark CSI 300 stood
almost 4% during the reported quarter of
course weighing on the value
>> [music]
>> of the insurer's stock portfolios. We
have lots more to head here on shows.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, welcome back. It's just gone
past what 10:40 in the morning here in
Hong Kong. So, it just [music] in case
you're joining us on the East Coast and
looking at how markets are probably
going to open up
your Wednesday. It's looking good
actually. So, tech led the decline so
tech is leading the balance in the early
goings of
today. Let's have a look at of course
the the culprit if you if you we could
point our finger at one.
Open AI is pushing back against this
report to saying it missed several
internal revenue targets. Now, the chat
GPT creator calls this Wall Street
Journal story prime clickbait and says
it continues to see growth in its
consumer and enterprise businesses. Now,
the journal says CFO
has expressed concern that Open AI may
not be able to afford its future
computing needs if sales don't grow fast
enough.
Okay,
let's have a look at Amazon AWS Amazon
Web Services here says the company says
it will finally be able to offer
speaking of Open AI
its models to its customers. That's
after the chat GPT maker ended its
exclusivity agreement here with Amazon's
largest cloud rival, Microsoft. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, AWS CEO Matt
Garman told us about what their expanded
partnership might mean.
Well, we're quite excited about the
partnership that we're announcing with
them today.
So, yes. So, for a long time when we
built Amazon Bedrock as a way for our
customers to access frontier models and
and access AI models, we've always
started with the the position that we
wanted to offer choice and we wanted to
offer all of the best models available
out there.
And today we're excited to be bringing
OpenAI into Bedrock.
It's I think it's something that our
customers have asked for for a really
long time. And we're talking
specifically about frontier models, not
just open-weighted models, which was
>> That's right. We've had we've had
open-weighted models for a while, but
yes, this is the frontier model. So,
starting in preview today, we have uh
uh
uh OpenAI's
model 5.4 and 5.5 is coming in the next
couple of weeks.
We're also collaborating on a a new
offering which we called manage agents
featuring OpenAI, which is a complete
managed agent capability. So, customers
can really easily make stateful agents
and build agentic applications together
with Bedrock and OpenAI.
And it's really just the start of a
long-term partnership that we've
established together.
As the teams have gotten together, we
see opportunity for us to really invent
new capabilities for our customers to go
and build interesting applications
together and really excited about
working together with the OpenAI team
and and unlocking more things that
customers can build on AWS. We are in a
strange situation where OpenAI models
can now run in on AWS, but Microsoft
will benefit financially because of the
the latest terms of their agreement.
They've ended exclusivity, but OpenAI
continues to make payments to Microsoft.
>> Yeah. How how do you think about that?
Oh, that's okay.
That's uh Look, Microsoft um has
benefited from the growth of AWS since
the very early days. In fact, we've
supported Windows licenses as an
example, I think since 2007, 2008. I
can't remember the exact year. But um so
Microsoft has has benefited. They build
great software. They have good
partnerships, and and they should
benefit from those. But customers really
want to use those technologies. SQL
Server is a good example that runs great
on AWS. In fact, many of our customers
tell us that SQL Server runs better, way
better on AWS than it does on Azure. Um
and so for those customers, um running
in AWS is where they get the best
reliability, the most security, and the
broadest set of features. And so that's
great. And if Microsoft benefits because
their software or their partnerships or
their licenses are being used inside of
AWS, that that's great. And um and in
this case we partner with Microsoft,
just like we partner with Oracle and
other um providers that that build
software. And and we want to make all
capabilities available on AWS for people
to build.
Uh there you go. That was Ed Ludlow, our
co-anchor of course, at Bloomberg Tech,
exclusively with the CEO of AWS. Right.
Uh if you want to catch more of that
interview or others that you might have
missed here on shows, you can check it
out for our clients, [music] Bloomberg
Bloomberg Video Hub, the new Bloomberg
Video Hub. Uh so everything, TV shows,
[music] interviews, documentaries,
report analysis. So check it out. Uh
bloomberg.com/videos.
This [music] is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right. As [music] you see on your
screens, West Texas is back below 100.
Some declines we're seeing in the Brent
markets. Um and I think uh there was
this journal report, which is
interesting and I think something to
watch the next few hours or so.
The US president has basically told his
aides here to prepare for an extended
blockade. It's something to keep an eye
on, of course, because you have, of
course, the energy secretary, Chris
Wright, has really downplayed Iran's
ability to handle a production shutdown
if, in fact, the blockade continues to
choke off exports. Now, he told
Bloomberg that Iran's old
stockpiles mean that storage capacity is
actually limited.
Well, look, there's monitoring of
storage tanks at Kharg Island and around
the nation of Iran, but yeah, they don't
have a huge amount of storage capacity
and they've got old reservoirs that are
low pressure, which means it's much more
destructive if they have to shut in
their production. Kepler, Mr. Secretary,
is talking about 12 to 22 days left that
Iran has in terms of storage before they
have to shut in. Do you see the
president making any sort of decision on
Iran's proposal before that time period
is up?
Uh get The president's focused on
getting the right deal. That could be
independent of their storage, but
obviously that puts great heat on Iran.
If we can get the right resolution, uh
that could be tomorrow, that could be 2
weeks from now, but what the key thing
is the right resolution. Iran, and let
me just put the context again, Iran has
roughly 1,000 lb of 60%
enriched uranium. There's no commercial
peaceful use for that. That's bomb
material. And that's 10 days, 2 weeks
tops to turn that into highly enriched
uranium for bombs. So, this is a
existential crisis. I'm very proud of
the president to stand up and put an end
to Iran's efforts to get a nuclear bomb.
Well, so it doesn't sound like the
president would take this off-ramp from
Iran, which is reopening the Strait of
Hormuz. Obviously, the US blockade would
have to end, and then kicking the can
down the road when it comes to talks on
nuclear.
Yes, the
again, the critical outcome here is that
we end the ability for Iran to have a
nuclear weapon. There's many ways that
deal can be structured, but the
compromise will not be made on the
principle no nuclear armed Iran. We see
gasoline prices on average rising again
this morning. They're above $4 a gallon.
You recently said the administration
plans to do more to bring down US gas
prices. We saw the waiver on the Jones
Act extended. What else are you thinking
about?
Well, you also saw announcements on the
EPA for blending requirements this
summer that allows our refineries to
produce a lot more gasoline.
Unfortunately, a few states foolishly
did not go along with it. So, California
still going to have outrageously high
gas prices. New York State, I don't know
why, also did not go along with the
federal regulations. Well, we're doing
everything we can to increase refinery
throughput. American oil production is
at record high. American oil exports to
allies abroad are at record high. So,
look, we're going through a period of
discomfort to solve a 47-year crisis.
That was Anne Marie Hoardern there, of
course, with the US Energy Secretary
Chris Wrights
many fairly globally consequential
topics there. And we're feeling it,
right? This part of the world to my
left, the Philippine peso, 5-day low. We
are in fact on track of 2 days,
yesterday and today on track for the
worst 2 days since the start of the war,
since the beginning of March. So, with
this conversation we had with the
Central Bank governor very recently,
it's not the level, it's the delta, it's
the extent of the change and might as
actually be prompting, could be
currently, let's say who knows,
the Central Bank to be present in these
markets. Have a look at Hang Seng tech
gainers here to the upside. A lot of big
[music] names to track they're going
into
the last hour of the morning session in
here in [music] Hong Kong and just a
reminder it's a very big earnings day so
some names are coming through the big
banks are coming through out of China
plus a whole gamut of others across
industry. [music] We have lots more
ahead on Bloomberg Television. We'll see
you all tomorrow here from the China
Show.
>> [music]